Extending ADRs (#1)
wawrzynek-eq/arch-kata: ADR/ADR 0003 - Use multiple different prompts for obtaining AI grade.md

## Technique Description

1. **Multiple Prompt Generation**: For each question, generate multiple variations of the prompt to be sent to the LLM. This could incorporate changing the sequence of question/answer (LLMs tend to favor the last given information), rephrasing the prompt or using personas
  - Example 1:  
    > On a scale of 0 to 10, grade the following answer: <submitted answer> to the question: <question>

    vs

    > For the question: <question> grade the following answer: <submitted answer> on a scale of 0 to 10.
  - Example 2:  

>     > You are a collage proffessor. You ask the student: <question> and hear the answer: <submitted answer>. Grade it on a scale of 0 to 10

Reviewer: You are a colleague
```suggestion
    > You are a college professor. You ask the student: <question> and hear the answer: <submitted answer>. Grade it on a scale of 0 to 10

```
